wise up guys welcome back to another
pack opening today we're going to be
opening 9200 fifa points in hopes to get
this team of the week look at this team
of the week right here it is completely
insane this is one of the best-looking
team of the weeks out of all of them we
have border of valero he actually is
really amazing if you have tried his non
inform definitely check out this one
right here really good sense attacking
midfielder in my opinion or a central
defensive material i even though his
work rates aren't that great but we have
the mainland bail right here and robin
and Nasri so really good plays even the
bench is really awesome look at all
these plays that are worth checking out
so we're gonna be heading over and
opening some packs right now hopefully
i'm gonna be looking forward to getting
an in-form hopefully i'm hoping that we
get the best hi ray player like we did
last week and that was second in form
long so here we go let's see what we get
in our very first 150 points so we've
nearly spent over two thousand fifa
points and isn't looking great to be
honest with you guys like the place i
will actually get oh my de sergio ramos
holy crap how much does he go for like
with the defenders this year they ain't
going for much but i'm really happy with
that this is the first time i pack
sergio ramos in any thief i think
actually no fifa 12 i practiced
international man of the match but this
one is amazing in pville 14 might have
to try him out you know oh actually he's
gonna keep dropping so might as well
selling but that was an amazing pack
alright so we didn't manage to open
quite a bit of packs now and we are 5900
feet all my days we get ronaldinho not
too sure how much he goes for but he is
a legend and let's take him too bad
there is no legends on the ps3 because
if you packed him on the xbox you would
have got him as a legend so we're about
nearly halfway through this pack opening
and you can't say I'm so happy what
we've received but hoping for more hi
ray please oh my god Rooney oh my days
he should have been
team of the week what the hell EA you
should have been intimately I think he
had so many assists and scored a goal
can't even remember exactly but he
deserved to be in team of the week and
he did not receive it but I received him
as a normal and I'm happy with that
Sergio Ramos and Rooney to hi ray please
really really happy with that so first
we got Sergio Ramos and now we got
Rooney can we get someone amazing in
these packs a third ray player oh we got
Martinez in this pack does he go for
much i'm not too sure we got a silver
Martinez he looks like name is Bravo to
be honest with you guys looks like name
is Bravo you know what let me put him
under this let's compare his price right
here see how much he goes for 10k that's
decent that's a decent pack alright guys
we are now down to our final pack of
this episode the only good place we
actually got is sergio ramos and rooney
now it could have been worse actually
because if you watch my previous
episodes we pretty much better ever got
anyone good but for the very first time
we got to hire a players in this series
let's see what we get in our final pack
in this episode here we go who are we
going to get come on Messi please show
me someone valuable after that Rooney we
get sterling not really bad but I guess
we'll keep him so I hope you guys
enjoyed this episode if you did i'd
really appreciate like let me know what
you got in your pack openings and i hope
you have a very nice day